Please register Wincenty J. (Vince) Kaminski, Managing Director, Research
Enron Wholesale Services, to the subject conference to be held in Houston
on June 22, 2001.

If you need more information, please contact me at:

Shirley Crenshaw
Administrative Coordinator
Enron Research Group
713-853-5290
email:  Shirley.Crenshaw@enron.comDear Mr. Ray,

I regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend
the Power Systems Engineering Research Center's
upcoming Industrial Advisory Board meeting in Oak Brook.   

Our  work load does not leave us much time to get involved
with PSERC at this moment. We would very much like to stay
in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this year.

Vince Kaminski


Mr. Kaminski,

Greetings. Bob Thomas, Shmuel Oren and I invite you to attend the Power
Systems Engineering Research Center's upcoming Industrial Advisory Board
meeting in Oak Brook, IL. It will be held on May 31 - June 1.

As you know from Lance and Alex, this is an opportunity to meet university
researchers and industrial members of PSERC. The meeting also has
presentations on PSERC activities and research projects, PSERC business
discussions, current topic discussions, and a tutorial. Our current topics
discussion will be on ISO/RTO issues, and will involve executives from
several ISOs in dialog with university researchers.

Please let me know if you have any questions. We hope to see you there so
that we can talk about any questions you might have about PSERC.


VincePlease find attached the programs for the two back-two-back conferences on 
real options at UCLA (you may also download them from www.realoptions.org and 
www.rogroup.com ). The two conferences are separate but complementary events. 
The first conference, co-sponsored with Accenture and Morgan Stanley Dean 
Witter, on July 11-12, is a professional conference on Real Options Valuation 
in the Connected Economy: High Tech, Pharma, Energy, Corporate Valuation & 
Strategic/Portfolio Management. For information and online registration see 
www.rogroup.com.

The second is the 5th Annual International Conference on Real Options: Theory 
Meets Practice (the annual industry event where academics and practitioners 
get together to share the latest developments on theory and applications), 
co-organized with The Anderson School at UCLA on July 13-14. For information 
and online registration see www.realoptions.org

Between the two complementary events, we are pleased to present an extensive 
array of practitioner and cutting-edge academic presentations, sharing of 
experiences by corporate executives, and panel discussions by experts from 
leading organizations and universities. Our keynote speaker this year will be 
Eduardo S. Schwartz of UCLA. 

Interested participants must register for the conference online 
www.realoptions.org) and indicate hotel preferences by May 31 or ASAP.

We look forward to seeing you at this exciting event, and would appreciate if 
you share this with interested colleagues.

Lenos Trigeorgis

 - 5thmanagerialconferenceJuly2001.doc
 - 5thacademicconferenceJuly2001.docDear Mr. Ray,

I regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend
the Power Systems Engineering Research Center's
upcoming Industrial Advisory Board meeting in Oak Brook.   

Our  work load does not leave us much time to get involved
with PSERC at this moment. We would very much like to stay
in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this year.

Vince Kaminski

Mr. Kaminski,

Greetings. Bob Thomas, Shmuel Oren and I invite you to attend the Power
Systems Engineering Research Center's upcoming Industrial Advisory Board
meeting in Oak Brook, IL. It will be held on May 31 - June 1.

As you know from Lance and Alex, this is an opportunity to meet university
researchers and industrial members of PSERC. The meeting also has
presentations on PSERC activities and research projects, PSERC business
discussions, current topic discussions, and a tutorial. Our current topics
discussion will be on ISO/RTO issues, and will involve executives from
several ISOs in dialog with university researchers.

Please let me know if you have any questions. We hope to see you there so
that we can talk about any questions you might have about PSERC.

PanelVince,

I agree with Alex on this issue.

As an alternative for sponsorship.  The UT electrical engineering dept. is 
interested in sponsorship for research activities such as the one I just 
completed or as Martin performed when he was at UT (just thought that I would 
mention this as a possible alternative).  Would you be interested in a 
presentation or a "brown bag lunch" on this subject?

Lance

Alex HuangDear Energy Participant:

Don't miss your chance to register for the Henwood Power Market Symposium at 
the DISCOUNTED PRICE of $875.  After April 1st the registration fee increases 
to $975.*  Register now because
space is limited!

This annual three-day event will take place from April 29 to May 1, 2001 in 
Atlanta, GA at the beautiful Evergreen Mountain Resort.  This year's 
Symposium features leaders from FERC, Electric
Power Research Institute, Standard & Poor's, ISO New England, Conoco, Entergy 
Nuclear, and more.  Discussion topics will include "Rating Implications of 
the California Market Failure",
"Upcoming Changes to Wholesale Electric Markets in New England", "Impacts of 
High Gas Costs to the Nation's Supply Portfolio", and many others. As always, 
participants will also have the
opportunity to gain access to Henwood's Software Products, Consulting 
Services, and Online Databases, as a means to develop competitive strategies 
and unequalled value in restructured
markets.

Your registration fee is inclusive of the following:

- Complete hotel accommodations at the Stone Mountain Resort for Sunday April 
29th and Monday April 30th, 2001
- All meals and refreshments for April 29th through May 1st. A welcome 
reception is planned for Sunday, April 29th.  This reception is an excellent 
opportunity to network with market participants
and decision-makers of the electric power industry.
- A river boat dinner cruise on Monday, April 30th on board the Henry W. 
Grady Paddlewheel Riverboat.

Also don't miss the Henwood captain and crew golf tournament planned for 
Sunday, April 29th.  We invite golfers of all levels to participate in this 
fun event.

For more information please contact me at 916 569-0985 or 
hmason@hesinet.com.  You can also learn more about the Symposium by visiting 
our web site at www.hesinet.com.

Shirley,

This is to follow up today's conversation with Anita.  As mentioned Paul 
Kleindorfer invited Vince to be our dinner speaker on Thursday, May 24.  On 
reflection given the strong line up for Wednesday - Fred Kahn et al - we 
would very much like Vince to be the speaker on Wednesday.  This will 
conclude the day very well giving participants a strong incentive to be there 
for the Wednesday. 

I gather that this change should be acceptable to Vince.  

We will show Vince's name as follows:

Jeremy will be em ailing you the program with this information immediately.


We would like to go to press today.  Failing that we can go to press 
tomorrow.  We would very much appreciate your confirming this and making any 
corrections or changes.  If you would respond to all of us it would be 
appreciated.

You are welcome to attend the following meeting in the area of quantitative
and computational finance and risk management in the MRC Auditorium on
the Georgia Tech campus from 1 pm to 6 pm on Friday, March 30th.

There will be five speakers that will give presentations on a variety of
topics.

Dr. Curt Hunter, Research Director, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago

Dr. Mary Mathewes Kassis, Associate Director,
Georgia State University Economic Forecasting Center

Dr. Alan White, Professor of Finance, University of Toronto, and
Mr. Pete van Amson, CFA, CPA, Vice President, Product Management,
SunGard Trading and Risk Systems

Dr. Dennis Wong, Vice President, Quantitative Finance,
Bank of America Securities

There is no charge for the event.
This will be the inaugural meeting of the Atlanta Chapter of the Global
Association of Risk Professionals (GARP). You need not be a member of GARP
to attend the meeting. Information about GARP can be found at
http://www.garp.com.

We are asking that attendees RSVP so that plans can be made for refreshments.
We only ask that you reply to this email or to atlanta@garp.com before
March 21 if you plan to attend. In addition to a break half-way through the
afternoon, there will be refreshments immediately following the presentations.

This event is sponsored by the Master of Science in Quantitative and
Computational Finance program at Georgia Tech, SunGard Trading and Risk
Systems, and
SunTrust Banks, Inc.

Please pass along this announcement to your associates.
_______________________________________________________________________
Information about the talks and the speakers

Dr. Curt Hunter
Research Director, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago

Dr. Hunter's discussion is entitled "Lessons Learned from Recent Global
Financial Crises."  Since 1990, major banking and currency crises have
occurred in many countries around the world - including Mexico and Latin
America in 1994, East Asia in 1997-98, and Russia and Brazil in 1998,
among others - with large costs both to the individual countries
experiencing the crises and to other nations.  As a result, considerable
effort has been expended by economists and policymakers to identify the
causes of these crises and to design programs with the aim of preventing,
if possible, similar crises from occurring in the future, and minimizing
the costs when they do occur.  This talk reviews the key lessons
policymakers have learned from these recent episodes and highlights the
role that risk management plays in crisis prevention.

Dr. William C. (Curt) Hunter is senior vice president and director of
research at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.  He is a member of the
Bank's Management Committee and serves as the Bank's chief economist.
He is responsible for a staff of 115 professionals and oversees the
Bank's research activities in the areas of monetary policy, banking
and financial markets, and regional economics programs.  He is also
responsible for the Bank's Statistical and Financial Reports function.
Dr. Hunter is an associate economist on the Federal Open Market Committee,
the Federal Reserve System's primary monetary policy group.
Previously, he was a vice president at the Federal Reserve Bank of
Atlanta and has served on the faculties of the University of Georgia,
Emory University, Chicago State University, and Northwestern University.
He has consulted with numerous foreign central banks, official agencies,
and private corporations and serves on the boards of several research
and nonprofit organizations.  He is co-editor of Research in Banking
and Finance and serves on the editorial boards of several academic
journals.   Dr. Hunter earned a B.S. degree in 1970 from Hampton
Institute (now Hampton University), an MBA in Finance in 1972 and a Ph.D.
in Finance and Environment in 1978 from Northwestern University.

Dr. Mary Mathewes Kassis
Associate Director, Georgia State University Economic Forecasting Center

Dr. Kassis will provide her outlook for the Georgia and Atlanta economies
over the next two years.  She will focus on economic risks specific to
Atlanta, including its exposure to the contraction of the IT sector,
potential over development of office space, and a declining rate of job
growth.  Regardless of your field, this should be a very informative
discussion.

Dr. Kassis has been analyzing the Southeast economy for over five years.
She writes a quarterly report that examines the current economic
conditions in 13 Southeastern states as well as an outlook for the next
couple of years. She also prepares an in-depth quarterly analysis of the
outlook for the Georgia and Atlanta economies.  She is regularly quoted
in publications such as the Wall Street Journal, the Atlanta Journal-
Constitution, and the Atlanta Business Chronicle.  Dr. Kassis received
a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Agnes Scott College and
a Ph.D. in Economics from Georgia State University.

Dr. Alan White
Professor of Finance, University of Toronto
Mr. Pete van Amson, CFA, CPA
Vice President, Product Management, SunGard Trading and Risk Systems

Dr. Alan White and Mr. Peter van Amson will discuss applied term
structure modeling.  SunGard has implemented a version of the Hull-White
term structure model that banks use in measuring and managing the market
value sensitivity of various balance sheet components.  Peter will touch
on some of the complexities involved in modeling non-maturity deposits;
with regard to the term structure of interest rates, Alan will discuss
some of the problems and possible solutions in bridging the divide between
what is required from a theoretical standpoint and what is feasible
in a production process.

Dr. Alan White is a Professor of Finance in the Joseph L. Rotman School
of Management at the University of Toronto. His research is principally
in the area of derivative securities, their pricing and their use by
financial institutions for risk management. He is most noted for his
work on modeling the term structure of interest rates in a way that
is consistent with observed market data. Recently his research has been
focused on the pricing and management of credit risk.  Professor White
has published many scholarly articles, but is perhaps best recognized
for providing lucid insights into the practical application and
implementation of this research. Much of his material is included in
the best-selling book Hull-White on Derivatives, co-authored with
John Hull.

Mr. Peter van Amson is the Vice President of Product Management at
SunGard Trading and Risk Systems where he is responsible for the
development of all functional specifications for the BancWare product
suite.  In this capacity, he frequently interacts with SunGard
user-committees, leading academics, and other leading industry
practitioners.  He frequently makes presentations at conferences and
seminars sponsored by BAI, AMIfs, the OCC, as well as other organizations.
Prior to working with BancWare, Peter headed the Strategic Planning
Function for the Plymouth Rock Company, one of America's most profitable
insurance holding companies.  In this role, he helped define the
company's strategic vision as well as being involved in investment
analysis, asset/ liability management and quantitative profitability
aanalysis.  Peter has a B.S. and M.S. in Accounting from the State
University of New York at Binghamton.  He is currently a Ph.D. candidate
at the University of Michigan.  Peter has received numerous academic awards
and honors including the William Andrew Paton Fellowship at the
University of Michigan and the New York State Society of Certified
Public Accountants Award for Academic Excellence.

Dr. Dennis Wong
Vice President, Quantitative Finance, Bank of America Securities

Dr. Wong will discuss competing vendor approaches to credit risk
modeling, including CreditMetrics, KMV, CreditRisk+ and CreditPortfolio
View.  These models are viewed in a theoretical framework that
identifies migration probabilities, credit exposure and loss
aggregation.

Dr. Wong has a Ph.D. in Mathematical Finance from Carnegie Mellon
University.  He has given talks and seminars for the American
Mathematical Society, the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics,
the University of Toronto, and Georgia Tech.  He is the author of
"Generalized Optimal Stopping and Financial Markets", published in
Pitman Research Notes in Mathematics Series.TO:  Advisory Committee MembersPlease find attached a revised announcement and call for papers for the 5th
ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON REAL OPTIONS: THEORY MEETS PRACTICE. The
conference is co-organized by the Real Options Group and the Andersen
School, at UCLA, Los Angeles on July 11-14, 2001. The submission deadline
is MARCH 2 (and registration is by April 20). Travel allowances are
provided for all academic presenters (and fees are waived for all
presenters).  We are proud that Eduardo Schwartz will be our keynote speaker.

We hope that you will be able to participate and would appreciate it if you
could also post the announcement or circulate it among other interested
colleagues.

Best wishes

Lenos

 - ConfannJuly2001.docJoe, 

I shall probably ask Tanya to attend. It coincides with Parents' 
Weekend at Stanford. Please, send me the slides anyway.

I shall help Tanya to prepare her presentation.

VinceVince,

 I understand you'll be speaking at the CEFER conference. Gary Taylor, the 
head of marketing in the Weather Deriv. group, would like to know if you plan 
on mentioning weather derivatives at all and that if you do, he has numerous 
existing slides and presentations that might be useful to you.

Joe*We apologize for the previous message, we experienced an error in our system



Henwood Power Market Symposium, April 29th-May 1st


We are excited to offer you an invitation to attend the Henwood Power Market 
Symposium.  This annual three-day event will take place from April 29 to May 
1, 2001 in Atlanta, GA at the
Evergreen Mountain Resort.  The goal of the Symposium is to provide our 
guests a forum to conduct business across all energy markets through the 
sharing of experiences and innovations, and
through numerous networking opportunities.  Participants will also gain 
access to Henwood's software products, consulting services and e-Business 
products, as a means to develop competitive
strategies and unequalled value in restructured markets.

The focus of the Symposium is to provide relevant discussion topics, 
technologies and competitive strategies.  This year's featured speakers 
include senior representatives from Enron, Conoco,
Electric Power Research Institute, FERC, New England ISO, and more.

Please register early because space is limited! If you register prior to 
April 1st, the symposium cost is only $875.  After April 1st, the 
registration fee will be increased to $975.  Your registration is
inclusive of the following:

* Complete hotel accommodations for Sunday April 29th and Monday April 30th, 
2001
* All meals and refreshments for April 29th through May 1st. A welcome 
reception is planned for Sunday, April 29th.  This reception is an excellent 
opportunity to network with market participants
and decision-makers of the electric power industry.
* A river boat dinner cruise scheduled for Monday, April 30th on board the 
Henry W. Grady Paddlewheel Riverboat. Spouses are welcome to attend the 
evening reception and dinner cruise.

A captain and crew golf tournament is also planned for Sunday, April 29th for 
an additional fee.  We invite golfers of all levels to participate in this 
event.

For more information contact Heather Mason (e-mail: hmason@hesinet.com) at 
916 569-0985. You can also learn more about the Symposium by visiting our web 
site at www.hesinet.com.

* Make sure to ask about our special 2001 Henwood client discount.* Definition of Price Volatility 
* Historical vs. implied vs. model derived volatility 
* Estimation of volatility from historical data in the presence of 
??????- seasonality 
??????- jumps 
??????- fat tails 
* Stochastic volatility models 
* Recent cases of extreme price volatility in the power markets in the US:  
the causes and remediesPaul, 

My apologies for a delay in getting back to you with my bullet points. The  
beginning of the year was quite hectic. I am working from home today, trying  
to catch up. 

The program for the 2001 Conference looks great; it's likely to be the most  
interesting and best attended EPRM Conference (hopefully, some players will  
be still around). 

VinceDear IAFE Member:

I would like to take this opportunity to wish you a Happy New Year.

2001 marks the 10 Anniversary of the IAFE and we will be celebrating with
a Winter Gala at The Yale Club Ballroom on February 8th.  The Black Tie
event will begin with cocktails at 6:00 and a sit down dinner at 7:30.
There will be
dancing and festivities including war stories by IAFE Senior Fellows, a
Silent Auction,
and a Financial Engineering Retrospective, to name a few.

A special award will be presented to Myron Scholes for his work on the
Black-Scholes Model.  For more information and to register for the
event please go to <http://www.iafe.org/whatsnew/gala2001.htm>.

We are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive
year with dozens of activities around the world. As we enter our 10th
year of operations, the IAFE has additional membership options available
to you. Please take a moment to renew your membership, if you have not
done so:  <https://www.iafe.org/about/register.ihtml>.  Based on member
requests, a Premium Membership is now being offered that includes the
Annual Conference at a 30% discount, the Financial Engineer of the Year
dinner, plus a subscription to the Journal of Derivatives (JOD). The Full
membership remains as in previous years. The new Regular
membership includes all Full membership benefits except JOD. Membership is
based on the calendar year January 1 - December 31, 2001.

Our website was recently updated, when you get a moment, please visit our
web site.  Make sure to check the calendar for upcoming events regularly
since we add to it frequently.  <
<http://www.iafe.org/whatsnew/calendar.ihtml>>

I hope to see you at an IAFE event in 2001.

Alex and I attended the International Chinese Petroleum and Petrocehmical 
Technology conference
in Houston.  We presented two talks 1) Risk management in petroleum industry 
and 2) Real option
valuation of oil field.  The section chairman said our talks were the high 
moments in the business session. 

There were several interesting talks in the business section.  I am going to 
get a copy of the presentation on
Internet opportunity in energy trading, where the author did a study about 
all energy trading sites including
EnronOnLine.  A talk from a gentleman working for Costal (used to be pal of 
Song Yip) on real 
assets management is also very informative.  A talk about using real option 
theory for IT managenet was
also interesting.

Big players, ExxonMobil, Shell, Taxco, and BP have strong presence in the 
conference.

I made a copy for you of the keynote speech by Bob Gee, the Assistant Energy 
Secretary under Clinton
Administration about the energy outlook.  

Zimin
Hello friends,

Attached is the program announcement for the third edition of the Texas
Finance Festival to be held in San Antonio (once again).  You will note
that we have some new and fun entertainment lined up to accompany the
superb program put together by Sheridan Titman (and company).

You can help us by registering early so we have put a discount into the
registration fee if you get your registration form and check in by January
15, 2001.  However, We would really appreciate hearing from you ASAP if you
do plan to come via return e-mail.

Looking forward to seeing you all again in the spring.

JohnDear Colleague:

We are honored to have Chairman Pat Wood of the Public Utility Commission of 
Texas as the distinguish speaker for the meeting of the Central Texas Chapter 
of the United States Association for Energy Economics.  Chairman Wood is the 
main architect of electric industry restructuring in Texas and this meeting 
offers a unique opportunity to hear his speech entitled:

"Texas' Future Competitive Electric Industry"

Please mark your calendars and join us on Wednesday, November 29 at 5:00 PM 
at the Lower Colorado River Authority's Board Room, Located at 3700 Lake 
Austin Blvd (Hancock Building), Austin, Texas.  The meeting will open with 
refreshments and Chairman Wood's presentation will begin at 5:30 PM.  The 
meeting is open to the public and is free. We extend a special invitation to 
all members of the USAEE that reside in the central Texas area. Please plan 
to meet David DeAngelo, President of USAEE, who we are fortunate to have as 
our special guest. David will be happy to answer any questions you have about 
the IAEE and USAEE.

About the CTAEE

The Central Texas Association for Energy Economics (CTAEE) focuses on current 
energy events and research at the state, national, and international level.  
It is an excellent forum to meet, network, and exchange ideas in the regional 
energy community.  Local programs will be held six to eight times a year.

The CTAEE is a local chapter of an international association known as the 
International Association for Energy Economics (IAEE).  CTAEE is a non-profit 
organization and is a totally non-partisan forum for stimulating discussion 
and dialogue on major energy policy and analysis issues.  To provide 
exceptional meeting topics and dialogue we need your local membership.  Your 
participation in CTAEE can bring new ideas to help promote effective energy 
policy.

About the IAEE and USAEE

The International Association for Energy Economics (IAEE), founded in 1977, 
provides a forum for the exchange of ideas, experience and issues among 
professionals interested in energy economics. Its scope is worldwide, as are 
its members, who come from diverse backgrounds -- corporate, academic, 
scientific, and government. The United States Association for Energy 
Economics (USAEE) is an affiliate of the International Association for Energy 
Economics.  As a member of IAEE you will gain a broader understanding of 
energy economics, policymaking and theory. Members are kept well informed by 
IAEE and USAEE publications and conferences on events within the energy 
industry and energy challenges that lie ahead. Furthermore, membership 
provides you with the opportunity to network within the largest association 
of energy professionals in the world.

Mina M. Dioun, Ph.D.                 Neil 
McAndrews                            Karl J. Nalepa
CTAEE President                        CTAEE Vice President                   
CTAEE Treasurer
(512) 473-3333 x-2549                 (512) 
415-3227                            (512) 463-8574
mdioun@lcra.org  nmcandrew@austin.rr.com                 
karl.nalepa@rrc.state.tx.us



 - ctaee-Meeting.docLance.

Perfect.

Vince





Lance Cunningham@ENRON on 11/13/2000 10:06:26 AM
To: Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:  
Subject: Attend PSERC seminar on 11/30 and 12/1

Vince,

I WILL be able to attend the PSERC seminar on Nov. 30 and Dec. 1.  I also 
picked up some additional information from UT concerning PSERC this past 
weekend while I was in Austin .Please find attached information?for our next two courses and  workshops:? 
Energy Derivatives:? Pricing and Risk Management and
Weather Derivatives, which will be conducted in Houston and in London in  Feb 
/ March 2001.? Instructors will be Dr Les Clewlow and Dr Chris  Strickland.
?
Because the course requires intense interaction, the courses will  be?limited 
to a maximum of 15 people, so early registration is  encouraged.
?
If you require further information, or would like to register for either or  
both?courses, please contact me via this email or our web site,?www.
lacimagroup.com
 - Energy.pdf
 - weather.pdfHi,

Details of our session info. at the INFORMS conference can be found at the
following link.  It'll be in the afternoon of 11/6 (Monday).

http://www.informs.org/Conf/SanAntonio2000//TALKS/MD29.html

Since we have 5 speakers, I expect each of us will have no more than 20
minutes to present.  Please keep that in mind and e-mail me if you have
any questions.  Please also inform me if there will be any changes.  Look
forward to seeing you all in San Antonio.Return-path: <VKaminski@aol.com>